Mirroring the rebate passed earlier this year, this proposal – if passed by the General Assembly – will use nearly $1 billion in funds from the state budget surplus to 
return money to Georgians’ pockets– because that is your money, not the government’s.


Georgians can expect to receive payments of $250 for single filers, $375 for a single filer who is head of household, and $500 for a married couple filing jointly.


As the cost to own a home skyrockets under Bidenflation, this proposal will allocate an additional $1 billion to fund homeowner tax relief at the local level in the amended fiscal year 2023 budget. Pending approval by the General Assembly, approximately $1 billion will be sent to local governments who will then exempt up to $20,000 of the eligible assessed value of each qualified homestead in the state for the 2023 tax year. This grant will save the average homeowner in Georgia between 15 and 25 percent – or $500 on average – on their local property tax bill next year.

Throughout Governor Kemp’s first term, the Kemp administration – in partnership with the General Assembly – has put our students and educators first. From the largest teacher pay raise in state history and funding school security grants, to reducing high-stakes testing, fully-funding our schools, strengthening the teacher pipeline, and keeping divisive politics out of the classroom, Governor Kemp has delivered on his promises to stand with our educators, ensure our students have a bright and promising future, and give parents a voice in their child’s education.


Governor Kemp’s priorities for a second term build on these historic successes by focusing on addressing learning loss caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing our educator and school counselor workforce, and implementing stronger school safety measures.


While Georgia led the nation in reopening under Governor Kemp’s leadership, a few local school systems chose to play pandemic politics with their students’ education. Ignoring the science and the negative impacts these decisions would have on our children, a handful of school boards and superintendents chose for their students to learn almost exclusively at home in front of a screen – instead of being in the classroom. As a result, in 2019, 73% of 3rd graders in Georgia were reading at or above grade level, and in 2022, that critical statistic had dropped to 63%. In fact, state data shows that over 44,000 students are currently reading below grade level as they enter 4th grade.


While the overwhelming majority of school systems across the state did the right thing by getting their students back in the classroom as soon as possible, a select few did not. Governor Kemp is committed to making sure every child in our state has the opportunity to reach their full potential and succeed in the classroom. Utilizing state funds in his 2023 budget recommendations, Governor Kemp will propose $25 million for a Learning Loss Opportunity Scholarship Grant (LLOSG).


The LLOSG will be a $25 million grant program in the Governor’s Amended Fiscal Year 2023 budget recommendation.
With approximately 44,000 3rd graders entering 4th grade reading below grade level, the LLOSG will provide a grant to eligible schools across the state.
Schools may apply for these grants to leverage additional tutoring services, non-traditional staff, or supplement existing learning loss services.



From the beginning of his service as Georgia’s 83rd chief executive, Governor Kemp has made strengthening the Peach State’s education workforce a top priority of his administration. From historic pay raises and record state funding for schools and staff, to reducing the cost of becoming a teacher by 67% and cutting high-stakes testing, Governor Kemp has delivered major reforms that made Georgia a better place to be an educator.
But our work is far from over. The need for more qualified, passionate teachers in our classrooms and counselors in our schools has never been greater. That’s why the governor is proposing two key initiatives for his second term that will build upon our state’s successes over the last few years in recruiting, retaining, and appreciating those who serve our students.


With approximately 9,000 paraprofessionals who have a four-year degree, Governor Kemp is proposing $15 million in state funds for a $3,000 reimbursable grant program to help these hardworking Georgians offset the certification costs of becoming a teacher.
The Governor’s Fiscal Year 2024 budget proposals will also recommend an additional $25 million for local school systems to recruit more school counselors across the state.




In his first year in office, Governor Kemp proposed and signed into law school security grants of $30,000 to every school in the state. Schools used these funds to harden their campuses, utilize technology, and train staff.


In his second term, Governor Kemp will propose the following legislation to further enhance school safety efforts statewide.


Offer “intruder alert drills” for teachers and staff once during the months of August and September.
Intruder alert drills are not currently required in code and there is no reporting requirement
Legislation would require intruder alert drill notification to GEMA
Parents may opt their child out of these drills
District will have local control on what specific drills look like
Schools Safety/Anti-Gang Voluntary Training Endorsement for New Teachers
New teachers will be allowed to take school safety training and gang prevention training, developed by GEMA and GaPSC, as a voluntary endorsement with no cost to the teacher.
School Safety/Anti-Gang Voluntary Training Endorsement for Current Teachers
Current teachers will be allowed to take school safety training and gang prevention training, developed by GEMA and GaPSC, as a voluntary endorsement with no cost to the teacher.
School Safety Plans must be submitted to the Georgia Emergency Management and Homeland Security Agency (GEMA)
Currently districts submit plans to the local emergency management agency and local law enforcement; this will allow GEMA to ensure that schools have appropriate school safety plans.
This is not an additional burden on the school system because they already have to submit plans
Continuing education for School Resource Officers (SROs)
Recommendation for continuing education for SROs every two years as approved by POST






Thanks to Governor Kemp’s strong leadership, Georgia is the best place to live, work, and raise a family.





Governor Kemp led the nation by being the first Governor in the country to 
reopen the state during the COVID-19 pandemic, protecting both lives and livelihoods.
Georgia has remained the “No. 1 State for Business Climates” for 9 years in a row. Georgia is at its 
lowest unemployment rate in state history with the most people ever in the workforce. 
Landed the two largest economic development projects in state history, leading to 15,000 good-paying manufacturing jobs in rural Georgia,
$10 billion in investments and more than 33,400 jobs in FY21 breaking records across the board.
Signed the largest tax cut in Georgia history and sent $1 billion in surplus state funds back to the taxpayers.
Prioritized economic development in rural Georgia with Rural Strike Team. Expanded access to rural broadband with increased state funding and resources.




Working alongside state and local law enforcement to crack down on gang violence, street racing, and sex trafficking.
Raised state law enforcement pay by $5,000. 
Created the GBI Anti-Gang Task Force that partners with local law enforcement to get criminal street gangs off our streets. 
Toughened penalties for street racing, violent crimes. 
Created the Crime Suppression Unit to use state resources to go after crime in Atlanta.
Signed anti-defund the police bill (HB 286) to prevent rogue local governments from defunding the police.
Thanks to First Lady Marty Kemp, Georgia has led the way to bring an end to human trafficking. 
Governor Kemp toughened penalties, increased awareness, and supported the victims of human trafficking through the unanimous passage of seven pieces of legislation.





Instituted a historic teacher pay raise ($5,000) across the state.
Allocated $30,000 per school for increased security.
Reduced high stakes testing.
Cut certification costs for educators by 67%.
Oversaw the removal of Math Common Core standards and replaced them with standards that put teachers and students first. 
Prioritized teacher retention and recruitment with the Teacher Pipeline legislative package that enhanced training, support, and mentorship of new and current educators.




Governor Kemp led the effort to pass more than 52 health care bills in the General Assembly, including two waivers to make health care accessible to thousands and affordable for millions more. 
Thanks to Governor Kemp’s leadership in passing the Patients First Act, premiums have decreased across the state, and more providers are now operating in Georgia.
Expanded Medicaid coverage for new mothers to one year postpartum.




Passed SB 202, making it easy to vote and hard to cheat in Georgia elections.
Banned outside money from flooding local elections, expanded early voting days, secured drop boxes around the clock, and required photo ID for absentee ballots among 
other provisions to secure our elections.




Signed the historic Heartbeat Bill (HB 481) to protect the unborn. 
Passed foster care and adoption reforms along with anti-human trafficking legislation.




















